[v2.4-branch] nrf_modem: v2.4.1 (#1057)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_modem 2.4.1
***************

> * Added a workaround for mfw v1.3.4 and mfw v1.3.5 where attaching to the network would fail with error ``90`` (UICC initialization failure) after performing a modem firmware update, until the modem is re-initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a workaround for modem firmware versions v1.3.4 and v1.3.5 to fix an issue where attaching to the network would fail with error ``90`` (UICC initialization failure) after performing a modem firmware update until the modem is re-initialized.
```

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_modem 2.4.1
***************

* Fixed an known issue where performing a modem firmware update on your device without rebooting the application core (to perform a modem re-initialization), the modem can fail to attach to the network. 

>   In this case, ``+CREG`` will return ``90 - UICC Initialization failure: No network``.

Author: Ok, updated.
